# Installation

Install Go 1.6. Make sure GOPATH, GOROOT are set and go module is turned on.
A few depdencies of this project are private repo. You need to config git to use `git` instead of `https` when downloading repo.
Run the following command to replace `https` by `git`.

```
git config --global url."git@github.com:".insteadOf "https://github.com/"
```

To confirm, do `more ~/.gitconfig` and make sure you see the following:

```
[url "git@github.com:"]
	insteadOf = https://github.com/
```

# Running locally without TSS

From the sisu root folder

```
cp .env.dev .env
```

Generate config file and genesis for local sisu app:

```
./scripts/gen_localnet.sh
```

Disable the TSS component in the file `~/.sisu/main/config/sisu.toml` by changing the default tss settings to false.

```
[tss]
enable = false
```

To run the app on localhost:

```
./scripts/run_local.sh
```

You can now deploy ETH transaction on Sisu at port 1234.

# Running with TSS (multi nodes) using docker

This section describes how to run sisu (multiple nodes) using docker. This simulates a real network operation using various services in docker container. Each node 3 instances: sisu, dheart, deyes services in the container in addition to 2 ganaches (to simulate at least 2 chains) and a mysql instance.

Because of high number of services in the docker container (3 x n + 3 where n is the number of validators in the network), it's recommended that you run TSS with single node (in the following section) for faster local development speed and do extensive unit tests. It's recommended that you only use docker for integration tests.

## Build containers

You need to build sisu, dheart, deyes, ganache images in their corresponding repos. Assume that you save dheart, deyes in the same directory level with sisu.

```
cd ../dheart
docker build -t dheart .
cd ../deyes
docker build -t deyes .
docker build -f Dockerfile-ganache -t ganache .
cd ../sisu
docker build -t sisu .
```

## Generate data
Next, generate docker-compose file and data for all nodes in the network.
```
go build -o ./sisu cmd/sisud/main.go
./sisu local-docker --v 2 --output-dir ./output
```

## Run docker-compose
Go the generate folder and start all services using docker-compose
```
cd output
docker-compose up -d
```

You can check logs for each services using `docker-compose logs`. For example:
```
docker-compose logs -f sisu0
```

The ganache cli instances expose 2 ports to the host machine: 7545 and 7546. You can interact with the blockchain through this port.

To fund accounts generated by Sisu network, use `fund-account command`
```
./sisu dev fund-account ganache1 7545 ganache2 8545 10
```

To create an ERC20 contract:
```
./sisu dev deploy-erc20 7545
```
This will deploy an ERC20 contract and its address is shown in the console.

To transfer token cross chain:
```
./sisu dev transfer-out erc20 ganache1 7545 [ERC20 contract address] ganache2 [Recipient address]
```

To close all services:
```
docker-compose down
```

NOTE: if you get into bad data state or you want to reset the blockchain, simply run the local-docker command again
```
./sisu local-docker --v 2 --output-dir ./output
```


# Running with TSS (single node) one command line

You need to enable tss in `~/.sisu/main/config/sisu.toml` in order to run full Sisu node.

You will need at least 5 different terminal tabs to run a full Sisu nodes: 2 tabs for ganache-cli, 1 for dheart, 1 for deyes, 1 for sisu.

In addition, you need to install mysql locally with the following config:

```
host: localhost
port: 3306
username: root
password: password
```

#### Run ganache-cli

Download ganache-cli (make sure you have version 6.x) and runs the following commands on 2 different terminals:

```
ganache-cli --accounts 10 --blockTime 3 --port 7545 --defaultBalanceEther 100000 --networkId 189985 --chainId 189985 --mnemonic "draft attract behave allow rib raise puzzle frost neck curtain gentle bless letter parrot hold century diet budget paper fetch hat vanish wonder maximum"
```

```
ganache-cli --accounts 10 --blockTime 3 --port 8545 --defaultBalanceEther 100000 --networkId 189986 --chainId 189986 --mnemonic "draft attract behave allow rib raise puzzle frost neck curtain gentle bless letter parrot hold century diet budget paper fetch hat vanish wonder maximum"
```

These commands create 2 simulated blockchains on port 7545 and 8545.

#### Run dheart and deyes

Runs dheart and deyes using their instruction in the repos.

#### Run Sisu

```
./scripts/run_local.sh
```

#### Interact with Sisu

Sisu has a number of commands for you to interact with the network. At the root folder, type `./sisu` to see a list of command options. Most of them are default commands from Cosmos SDK. We are only interested in `./sisu dev` command for local dev.

After the start of Sisu, wait until the sisu log has the following message similar to the following:

```
adding watcher address 0x1D156a3e1356b58733305e670D61018001997f6E
```

Please note that `0x1D156a3e1356b58733305e670D61018001997f6E` could be replaced by another address. It's the address of the signing key that Sisu network controls. We need to fund that address with some ETH so that Sisu can have balance to deploy contracts and invoke function calls.

Alternatively, you can connect to mysql and see the address of the generate key in the `keygen` table. Mysql Workbench is good GUI tool to view and edit myqsl data.

```
./sisu dev fund-account ganache1 7545 ganache2 8545 10
```

This commands will fund Sisu's signing key account with 10 ethereum. The last number in the command is the amount you want to fund.

Waits for 10 seconds for the transaction to finalized and for Sisu to deploy its gateway contract.

Now you can start transferring ERC20 tokens out of a blockchain. You need a deployed ERC20 contract on one of the ganache chain. You can deploy using separate service or use Sisu command line:

```
./sisu dev deploy-erc20 ganache1
```

Waits for a few seconds and you will see the address the newly deploy ERC20 contract. You can transfer token to second dev chain using this command format:

```
./sisu dev transfer-out [ContractType] [FromChain] [TokenAddress] [ToChain] [RecipientAddress]
```

For example

```
./sisu dev transfer-out erc20 ganache1 7545 0x18eD078Bf666049f02FF8193e0d6B4D45B50329f ganache2 0xE8382821BD8a0F9380D88e2c5c33bc89Df17E466
```

Waits a few seconds for the transaction to complete. Afterward, you can query the asset balance on the destination chain:

```
./sisu dev query [ContractType] [chain] [AssetId] [AccountAddress]

./sisu dev query erc20 ganache2 ganache1__0x18eD078Bf666049f02FF8193e0d6B4D45B50329f 0xE8382821BD8a0F9380D88e2c5c33bc89Df17E466
```
